Well class 151 you seem excited and you should be this is a very special day for you
one you'll never forget just as the entire course of Gilead you'll never forget
and we're happy to be with you today and we will all benefit from the things that
are said today at this spiritual program but even so we know that although
this will benefit everyone involved the program has been designed with you in
mind so every talk given the brothers have prayerfully considered what can be
said to encourage and as you listen just be certain that the brothers have
had that in mind but all of us listening today will benefit from the good
things that will come out in this program when the day is over you'll look back
and recall a program that honored Jehovah and confirmed his love for you and
again you're never going to forget it during the past five months of your
schooling you were asked to draw out principles from many different Bible
accounts and you worked hard to do that didn't you and you learn new ways to do
that to see the scriptures as something that Jehovah wants us to listen to very
carefully and then apply its fine points in our lives so those accounts focused
on genuine servants of God who with his help succeeded in doing his will and
you are doing the same you examine principles for Christian living you
examine principles for teaching others you looked at principles about how to
organize the work and so forth this graduation program will do the same with
that in mind I have a theme for these brief introductory comments I thought it
would keep me focused so here's my theme you are ready to face the things ahead
now notice it's not a question are you ready it's a statement you are ready to
face the things ahead now why can we say this with such confidence because we
see your faith we see your deep love for our Heavenly Father Jehovah and his
Son you've trusted in Jehovah you have done well and you made it to
graduation day I know some of you wondered if you would make it but she did
here you are you're graduating with the 151st class of Gilead what a delight you
undoubtedly agree more than ever before with what the Apostle Paul wrote at
Philippians chapter 4 and verse 13 where he said for all things I have the
strength through who the one who gives me power and we know who that is and
Jehovah has surely helped you during these months to make a success of Gilead
school and we're very proud of you for that and you can be certain that Jehovah's
just delighted to see that because you love him and you went through this course
you've gone through with that in mind true Jehovah gave you what you needed and
that's a blessing you must never forget by remembering it you will put that
blessing to work for you wherever you are in your service to Jehovah in the
weeks months and years ahead really these things you learn that all of us learn
now will service well forever for example whenever you face a task in the
future that seems almost too large for you to tackle or handle you'll remember
how Jehovah helped you in this school your experience and going through
Gilead now adds to your extensive experience the experience you already had
in serving Jehovah but this just enriches it that much more and it will help
you as you face trials and tests ahead in that you'll know you can make it
through what you may view as difficult times because Jehovah will help you to do
it you are growing ever more and more ready to face the things ahead you already
are but you'll grow more and more so like all of us will as we reflect on and
remember what Jehovah has done for us such as helping you to complete this
Bible school course here's an example of things you must be ready to handle
or you may face soon after your graduation you will be off to your assignments
and as you go have in mind Jesus words where he taught his disciples to pray do
not bring us into temptation but deliver us from the wicked one now focus on the
words temptation and wicked one they go together don't they temptation and wicked
when Satan the wicked one doesn't like your success here at Gilead you can be
certain that he hates this school and all the good that it is accomplished through
the years and honoring Jehovah benefiting his people and those in the field so
then what temptations or stumbling blocks might Satan try to place before you now
that you've graduated from this school well here are a few things and they are
things that all of us must face for example if you're not careful you might be
tempted to become self satisfied with what you have accomplished don't ever let
that happen to you never be self satisfied keep setting goals for yourself
strive to please Jehovah more and more each day and all that you do it's the
principles that we draw from God's word that help us to do that yet here's a
caution you're healthy desire to keep setting goals must not be allowed to
lead you into the next temptation and that is this the temptation to give into
pride that can happen it can happen to a person when he or she forgets who has
truly helped them to succeed and that is Jehovah those who forget about
Jehovah may become ambitious and try to outshine others we must never allow
that to happen to our heart mind we must never become like that in fact we
must fight against pride and one key way to do this is to remember that in all
that you do in all that we do it is always about Jehovah when we have that
focus we will succeed in doing things his way the right way no matter what we
face in the future so we reflect on his blessings we see how he strengthened
us we're confident he will continue to do so and he will do that for you but we
never forget that he's in charge it's always about Jehovah and so we do
everything out of love for him and that of course leads into love for others
because he loves others if a person fails to remember how Jehovah has blessed
him or her that person might become big in their own eyes like King Saul did
you'll recall his example where did that eventually lead Saul it let him away
from Jehovah's favor and blessing people like Saul fail to maintain faith they
fail to remain humble what about your faith and your humility well we see
those good qualities in you and that's why we confidently state you're ready to
face the things ahead along with Jehovah's blessing your faith will help you
to conquer any temptation that the wicked one the tempter may place before you
and your humility will help you to remain unbreakable you will be able to
defeat the tempter along with resisting temptation your Gilead training will
also help you to continue supporting our vital work for Jehovah's Kingdom his
people and for those who will yet listen in fact for all of God's people this
is the greater purpose behind any training that we receive from him right so
then wherever you serve never forget the purpose behind the blessings that you
have experienced in this school trust in Jehovah and in his son to help you at
all times use your Gilead training in the branches and territories to where
you are going keep in mind that with God's help the one who gives you power
you are ready to face the things ahead well we will say a little bit more about
this at the conclusion of the program now we're going to enjoy a series of
encouraging talks that for all of us will strengthen our faith build up our
trusting God and highlight his wonderful purpose that we support